---
description: Last updated on 29th of August 2022.
---

# Privacy Policy & Terms of Service

## Privacy Policy&#x20;

**Privacy Policy of Mintbase Inc.**

Mintbase operates the [https://mintbase.xyz](https://www.mintbase.xyz/) website, which provides the SERVICE.

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Mintbase website.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at  [https://mintbase.xyz](https://www.mintbase.xyz/) unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the [Privacy Policy Template](https://www.privacypolicytemplate.net/) and the [TermsFeed Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/).

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.

**Log Data**

We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.

Our website uses these "cookies" to collect information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.&#x20;

In addition to the tracking technologies we place like Cookies and Pixel Tags, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit our Service. This includes third-party analytics services (“Analytics Services”) that we engage to help analyze how users use the Service. The information generated by the Cookies or other technologies about your use of our Service (the “Analytics Information”) is transmitted to the Analytics Services. The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity, which we may receive on an individual or aggregate basis. We use the information we get from Analytics Services to improve our Service. The Analytics Services may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics Services’ ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Services’ terms of use and privacy policy. By using our Service, you consent to process data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Service Providers**

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

* To facilitate our Service;
* To provide the Service on our behalf;
* To perform Service-related services; or
* To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Mintbase is not responsible for any uploaded content. We may take down uploaded content if it does not comply with our policies.  It is important to understand that we do not store any NFT metadata. As soon as a non-fungible token is created, the  NFT metadata is published onto the [Arweave](https://www.arweave.org/) blockchain and we cannot take it down as it is on their chain. We do not have control over anything uploaded there.  Please reach out to their team for any matters in this regard.

**Security**

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.\


#### **YOUR RIGHTS AS A DATA SUBJECT (GDPR)**

You have certain rights under applicable legislation, and in particular under Regulation EU 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation or ‘GDPR’). You can find out more about the GDPR and your rights by accessing the [European Commission’s website](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection\_en).

**Right Information and access**

You have a right to be informed about the processing of your personal data (and if you did not give it to us, information as to the source) and this Privacy Policy intends to provide the information. Of course, if you have any further questions you can contact us on the above details.

**Right to rectification**

You have the right to have any inaccurate personal information about you rectified and to have any incomplete personal information about you completed. You may also request that we restrict the processing of that information. The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you do not want us to use your Personal Information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy, or need to advise us of any changes to your personal information, or would like any more information about the way in which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at the above details.

**Right to erasure (right to be ‘forgotten’)**

You have the general right to request the erasure of your personal information in the following circumstances:

* the personal information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected;
* you withdraw your consent to consent based processing and no other legal justification for processing applies;
* you object to processing for direct marketing purposes;
* we unlawfully processed your personal information; and
* erasure is required to comply with a legal obligation that applies to us.

**HOWEVER, WHEN INTERACTING WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ENSURE THAT YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS DELETED. THIS IS BECAUSE THE BLOCKCHAIN IS A PUBLIC DECENTRALIZED NETWORK AND BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY DOES NOT GENERALLY ALLOW FOR DATA TO BE DELETED AND YOUR RIGHT TO ERASURE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO BE FULLY ENFORCED. IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES WE WILL ONLY BE ABLE TO ENSURE THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT IS HELD BY US IS PERMANENTLY DELETED.**

We will proceed to comply with an erasure request without delay unless continued retention is necessary for:

* Exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
* Complying with a legal obligation under EU or other applicable law;
* The performance of a task carried out in the public interest;
* Archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes, under certain circumstances; and/or
* The establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims.

**Right to restrict processing and right to object to processing**

You have a right to restrict processing of your personal information, such as where:

* you contest the accuracy of the personal information;
* where processing is unlawful you may request, instead of requesting erasure, that we restrict the use of the unlawfully processed personal information;
* we no longer need to process your personal information but need to retain your information for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims.

You also have the right to object to processing of your personal information under certain circumstances, such as where the processing is based on your consent and you withdraw that consent. This may impact the services we can provide and we will explain this to you if you decide to exercise this right.

**HOWEVER, WHEN INTERACTING WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN, AS IT IS A PUBLIC DECENTRALIZED NETWORK, WE WILL LIKELY NOT BE ABLE TO PREVENT EXTERNAL PARTIES FROM PROCESSING ANY PERSONAL DATA WHICH HAS BEEN WRITTEN ONTO THE BLOCKCHAIN. IN THESE CIRCUMSTANCES WE WILL USE OUR REASONABLE ENDEAVOURS TO ENSURE THAT ALL PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA HELD BY US IS RESTRICTED, NOTWITHSTANDING THIS, YOUR RIGHT TO RESTRICT TO PROCESSING MAY NOT BE ABLE TO BE FULLY ENFORCED.**

**Right to data portability**

Where the legal basis for our processing is your consent or the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, you have a right to receive the personal information you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or ask us to send it to another person.

**Right to freedom from automated decision-making**

As explained above, we do not use automated decision-making, but where any automated decision-making takes place, you have the right in this case to express your point of view and to contest the decision, as well as request that decisions based on automated processing concerning you or significantly affecting you and based on your personal data are made by natural persons, not only by computers.

**Right to object to direct marketing (‘opting out’)**

You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless:

You have a business relationship with us, and we rely on our legitimate interests as the lawful basis for processing (as described above) you have otherwise given your prior consent (such as when you download one of our guides)

You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us. On each and every marketing communication, we will always provide the option for you to exercise your right to object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes (‘opting-out’) by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ button on our marketing emails. You may also opt-out at any time by contacting us on the below details. Please note that any administrative or service-related communications (to offer our services, or notify you of an update to this Privacy Policy or applicable terms of business, etc.) will solely be directed at our clients or business partners, and such communications generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the services requested. Therefore, please be aware that your ability to opt-out from receiving marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of our website or as part of a contractual relationship we may have with you.

**Right to request access**

You also have a right to access information we hold about you. We are happy to provide you with details of your Personal Information that we hold or process. To protect your personal information, we follow set storage and disclosure procedures, which mean that we will require proof of identity from you prior to disclosing such information. You can exercise this right at any time by contacting us on the above details.

**Right to withdraw consent**

Where the legal basis for processing your personal information is your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us on the above details.

**Raising a complaint about how we have handled your personal data**

If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us as set out above and we will then investigate the matter.

You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the country of your habitual residence, place of work, or the place where you allege an infringement of one or more of our rights has taken place, if that is based in the EEA.



## **Terms of Service**

**Effective: February 3, 2020**

1**.**Introduction

\
Welcome to Mintbase, owned and operated by Mintbase Inc. (“Mintbase,” “we,” “us” or “our”). These Terms of Use (these “Terms”) govern your access to and use of the [Mintbase website](https://mintbase.io/); including without limitation the creation, purchase, sale, exchange, or modification of certain digital assets; our online and/or mobile services, and software provided on or in connection with those services (collectively, the “Service”).\
This Service allows you to sell and purchase Crypto Assets (as defined below) via a set price.&#x20;

There are different electronic wallets, which allow you to purchase, store, and engage in transactions using NEAR cryptocurrency. Before putting up your unique digital asset sale to purchase a unique digital asset from another user, we will ask you to connect to a digital wallet (e.g. [NEAR Wallet](https://wallet.near.org/)). Once you submit an item to sell or purchase a unique digital asset, your order is passed on to the applicable extension, which completes the transaction on your behalf.\
“Crypto Assets” refers to unique non-fungible tokens, implemented on the NEAR blockchain (the “NEAR Platform”) using smart contracts. NFT metadata is stored on the [Arweave blockchain](https://www.arweave.org/).

All transactions are facilitated and run by third-party electronic wallet extensions. By using our services you agree that you are governed by the terms of service of the applicable extensions. For NEAR Wallet, terms are available [here](https://content.near-wallet.workers.dev/ntl/mainnet/20220707-terms-and-conditions.a4c144f3.pdf). If you use other wallets, please check their individual terms and conditions.

Mintbase is a platform and not a financial institution, broker or creditor. We are an administrative platform.

Because we have a growing number of services, we sometimes need to describe additional terms for specific services. Those additional terms and conditions, which are available with the relevant services, then become part of your agreement with us if you use those services.\
THESE TERMS OF USE ARE IMPORTANT AND AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, SO PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY. WE WANT TO LET YOU KNOW THAT THE TERMS INCLUDE AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING; AND (2) YOU ARE AGREEING TO MANDATORY INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION FOR THE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES AND WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS. PLEASE READ SECTION 15 CAREFULLY.\
BY COMPLETING THE ACCOUNT REGISTRATION PROCESS (CONNECTING YOUR WALLET), USING OUR SERVICES AND/OR PURCHASING CRYPTO ASSETS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ALL OF THE TERMS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use the Service or purchase the  Assets.

\
Mintbase reserves the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and at our sole discretion. If we make changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes, such as updating the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of these Terms. By continuing to access or use the Service, you confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms and all of the terms incorporated therein by reference. We encourage you to review the Terms frequently to ensure that you understand the terms and conditions that apply when you access or use the Service. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you may not access or use the Service.

2\. Privacy Policy

\
Please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://mintbase.io/privacy) for information about how we collect, use and share information about you.

3\. Account Registration and Communication Preferences

* If you wish to participate in opening an account on Mintbase, you will need to sign up for an account on the Service (“Account”) by signing in with your preferred wallet (like NEAR Wallet). By creating an Account, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete Account information about yourself, (b) maintain and promptly update from time to time as necessary your Account information, (c) maintain the security of your password and accept all risks of unauthorized access to your Account and the information you provide to us, and (d) immediately notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to the Service, or your Account.&#x20;
* If you choose to connect your profile on Mintbase with third parties like [3box](https://3box.io/), you agree to their [Terms of Service](https://3box.io/terms).
* Payment processing services for our customers who allow fiat payments on Mintbase are provided by Stripe and are subject to the [Stripe Connected Account Agreement](https://stripe.com/connect-account/legal), which includes the [Stripe Terms of Service](https://stripe.com/legal) (collectively, the “Stripe Services Agreement”). By agreeing to these terms or continuing to operate as a customer on Mintbase you agree to be bound by the Stripe Services Agreement, as the same may be modified by Stripe from time to time. As a condition of Mintbase enabling payment processing services through Stripe, you agree to provide Mintbase accurate and complete information about you and your business, and you authorize Mintbase to share it and transaction information related to your use of the payment processing services provided by Stripe.
* Also, you agree that you will not:\
  Upload illegal content like:\
  \- Child pornography or child abuse;\
  \- Content that shows extreme sexual violence or materials that are overly violent;\
  \- Materials that provoke the viewer into committing crimes and carrying out violent acts. This might be material that instructs, promotes or incites violent acts;\
  \- Content that promotes terrorism or encourages terrorist acts\
  \- Content you don't have copyrights for.
* log in or try to log in to access the Service through unauthorized third party applications or clients.
* Mintbase may require you to provide additional information and documents at the request of any competent authority or in case of application of any applicable law or regulation, including laws related to anti-laundering (legalization) of incomes obtained by criminal means, or for counteracting financing of terrorism. Mintbase may also require you to provide additional information and documents in cases where it has reasons to believe that:
  * Your Account is being used for money laundering or for any other illegal activity;
  * You have concealed or reported false identification information and other details; or
  * Transactions affected via your Account were affected in breach of these Terms.
* In such cases, Mintbase, in its sole discretion, may pause or cancel your transactions until such additional information and documents are reviewed by Mintbase and accepted as satisfying the requirements of applicable law. If you do not provide complete and accurate information and documents in response to such a request, Mintbase may refuse to provide the Content to you.
* You must provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the Service and services, including but not limited to, a mobile device that is suitable to connect with and use Service and services, in cases where the Service offers a mobile component. You are solely responsible for any fees, including Internet connection or mobile fees, that you incur when accessing the Service or services.

4\. Ownership

* Unless otherwise indicated in writing by us, the Service and all Content and other materials contained therein, including, without limitation, the Mintbase logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, “Content”) are the proprietary property of Mintbase or our affiliates, licensors or users, as applicable.
* Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, the Service and Content may include software components provided by Mintbase or its affiliates or a third party that are subject to separate license terms, in which case those license terms will govern such software components.
* The Mintbase logo and any Mintbase product or service names, logos or slogans that may appear on the Service or Service are trademarks of Mintbase or our affiliates and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission.&#x20;

5\. License to Access and Use Our Service and Content

\
You are hereby granted a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Service and Content; provided, however, that such license is subject to these Terms and does not include any right to (a) sell, resell or use commercially the Service or Content, (b) distribute, publicly perform or publicly display any Content, (c) modify or otherwise make any derivative uses of the Service or Content, or any portion thereof, (d) use any data mining, robots or similar data gathering or extraction methods, (e) download (other than page caching) any portion of the Service or Content, except as expressly permitted by us, and (f) use the Service or Content other than for their intended purposes.

6\. Third Party Services

\
The Service may contain links to third-party websites (“Third-Party Websites”) and applications (“Third-Party Applications”). When you click on a link to a Third-Party Website or Third-Party Application, we will not warn you that you have left our Service and are subject to the Terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of another website or destination. Such Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Applications are not under the control of Mintbase. Mintbase is not responsible for any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications. Mintbase provides these Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Applications only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications, or their products or services. You use all links in Third-Party Websites, and Third-Party Applications at your own risk. When you leave our Service, our Terms and policies no longer govern. You should review all applicable agreements and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications, and should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party.

7\. User Conduct

\
You agree that you will not violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other third party right, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct, while accessing or using the Service or participating in the Auction. You agree that you will abide by these Terms and will not:

* Provide false or misleading information to Mintbase;
* Upload content which the minter has no copyrights for:
* Use or attempt to use another user’s Account without authorization from such user and Mintbase;
* Use the Service in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Service, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the Service in any manner;
* Develop, utilize, or disseminate any software, or interact with any API in any manner, that could damage, harm, or impair the Service;
* Reverse engineer any aspect of the Service, or do anything that might discover source code or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any Service, area or code of the Service;
* Attempt to circumvent any content-filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any feature or area of the Service that you are not authorized to access;
* Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, script, browser extension, offline reader or other automated means or interface not authorized by us to access the Service, extract data or otherwise interfere with or modify the rendering of Service pages or functionality;
* Use data collected from our Service to contact individuals, companies, or other persons or entities;
* Use data collected from our Service for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation, email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing, and direct marketing);
* Bypass or ignore instructions that control all automated access to the Service;
* Use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms; or
* Use the Near Platform to carry out any illegal activities, including but not limited to money laundering, terrorist financing or deliberately engaging in activities designed to adversely affect the performance of the Near Platform, or the Service.

Mintbase provides a platform to create non-fungible tokens and facilitates trade to buyers and sellers. We are community driven and our core values are providing an honest, safe and secure platform. We require all users to be 18 years old or older. If you are under 18, you may ask your parents, but only with involvement of the account holder. However, the account holder is responsible for everything done with that account.

\
8\. User Content and Copyright

\
You are solely responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. We take no responsibility for the Content posted or listed via the Services.\
You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post, or display using the Services.\
By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for Mintbase to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the distribution, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services.&#x20;

You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant Mintbase the license described above.\
Mintbase reserves the right to remove content without prior notice.&#x20;

**END OF AGREEMENT**\
\


##
